Add additional links for contrib guide (#253)
xataio/mdx-docs: 100-Resources/200-Contributing/100-Contribute.mdx

- **If you're a developer:** Use our contributing guide for developers to start. It provides information on setting up the development environment, coding standards, and the contribution process.
- **If you're interested in writing documentation:** Explore our documentation guidelines. These guidelines ensure that your documentation contributions align with our standards.

### OpenAPI specification

Our API is defined via [OpenAPI specifications](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification). For a comprehensive understanding and further details on these specifications, refer to our [documentation](/docs/rest-api/contexts).
You can pull the [OpenAPI specifications](/docs/rest-api/contexts#openapi-specifications) or navigate to the [REST API](/docs/api-reference/user#get-user-details) for more information.

> To get started working with the API, familiarize yourself with the [API documentation](). Set up authentication to securly make API requests. You can start with a simple `GET` request to test it. For example:

Reviewer: Empty link

```sh

> curl -X GET "https://api.example.com/workspaces" -H "Authorization: Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN"

Reviewer: Here we need a real example

Author: ```suggestion
curl -X GET "https://{workspace-display-name}-{workspace-id}.{region}.xata.sh/db/{dbname}" -H "Authorization: Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN"
```

```

> - Replace the URL and `YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN` with your actual details.

Author: ```suggestion
- Replace the URL and `YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN` with your API key details.
- Replace `{workspace-display-name}` with your workspace identification.
- Replace `{workspace-id}` with the unique 6-character alphanumeric code.
- Replace `{region}` with the configured database hosting region.
- Replace `{dbname}` with the name of the database being accessed.
```

For exploration of the Xata API with your preferred tools, see our [documentation](/docs/rest-api/contexts#openapi-specifications) on OpenAPI specifications.

## Contribute to docs

Documentation is a crucial part of Xata, and we welcome contributions that help improve clarity and information. You can find our documentation source code on [GitHub](https://github.com/xataio/mdx-docs).
To maintain the quality of our documentation, we appreciate your help in identifying and addressing bugs as well as documentation gaps. If you encounter any issues while using Xata or reading our docs, don't hesitate to report them. Open a [new issue](https://github.com/xataio/mdx-docs/issues/new/choose) in GitHub, providing as much detail as possible. This includes steps to reproduce the issue, expected behavior, and actual behavior.

You can use the **Edit on GitHub** button located on each page, underneath the page title, or [clone the repository](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/getting-started-with-git/about-remote-repositories).

> ![](images/edit-page.png)

Reviewer: Empty alt
